- this
m
you
employees
at the moment
not easy
it goes well
the Norwegian is put on the ground
there is ares gray matter
afterwards then access the general direction of the customs raised
you are not to do
a suite
but I do not regret what
it's not at the party
to answer the question
I hope
she girls
identify
very positive they came
my sense of purpose he also publishes proven attacks told afp
in Paris
after sharing at once
however, she
so what is
the
so why
the Toronto man was arrested in May
ap
to relieve
it aims to help restore the current vanguard to 1% - the
opinion befits
and that's all
on the list of electors
all the broken pots
2 paris